---
layout: post
title: Commit to at-least a 100 reps
date: 2024-12-13 01:20 +0530
---


...of doing something you want to be good at before giving up.

When people ask Mr. Beast for advice on getting good at YouTube, his answer is simple: make 100 videos. Improve something in every video, and then come back to him.

Here's the catch—most won't make it to 100. But for those who do, they'll have learned so much along the way that they won't need his advice anymore.

**100 reps, 100 iterations.**

To get good at anything, you need to do it a lot—and for a long time.

This isn't a new idea. I've heard it in different forms my entire adult life.

I read the same thing in the book *Million Dollar Weekend* by Noah Kagan.

He calls it the "Law of 100." Noah says committing to 100 tries makes things easier because you focus on the process instead of chasing quick results. Without putting in the reps, you can't build anything meaningful. Success takes time.

I've seen this play out in my own life too.

I run a software development agency, and pitching to potential clients is part of my daily routine. The thing is, most businesses don't need your services the moment you pitch to them.

So to be pitching at the right time, you have to pitch them 1) multiple times to increase your chances, and 2) be patient so you can wait for the time when they do need help.

I remember meeting a client for the first time in early 2022. They didn't start working with us until mid of 2024. That's two years of following up, and staying in touch. Many people would've stopped trying long before that, missing out on the opportunity.

This idea goes by many names:

* Quantity over quality
* Compounding takes time
* Be impatient with action, patient with results

But they're asking you to do the same thing.

Commit to something for a meaningful amount of time to see results.

It’s not about doing it perfectly from the start—it’s about showing up, learning, and improving along the way.